you will not succeed because you are not
part of the group which owns and
controls your life there are a few
select groups which have more power than
you can ever imagine they own the
governments they're bigger than the GDP
of many governments they punish any who
expose or oppose them but the public
deserves to know the truth and that's
why you came here for the truth
so let me unveil that for you today we
are going to do an expose showing you
the collusion in between governments and
big corporations let's begin remember
that this is not in any particular order
I just want to bring it to very quickly
shed some light on it and beginning with
Goldman Sachs this is one of the biggest
companies around their power goes so
deep and they've had this for quite some
time you could see that it is pervasive
all the way from the CEOs to lobbyists
this company is completely connected
with the US government and that also
goes into Europe and other places you'll
see this here in this chart you can also
see that in this one the revolving door
Goldman Sachs employees end up in
positions of power in the government
then they go back to Goldman Sachs
showing you that this isn't just one way
it goes both ways it is an extreme
example but this goes on with other
companies as well Goldman Sachs despite
the fact that we have new government's
all the time
their power stays in place that's the
way this works then you can see this
chart here golden Sachs Group Inc you
could see all of the connections that
are made different people different
businesses different corporations that
are around too many to cover but you'll
see that on here including things like
the Council on Foreign Relations as well
as others so this is important to note
because when we look at these charts
many of these are from a website called
GE ke us but essentially what we're
looking at here is all public
information but somebody has taken the
liberty of putting these together in
these boot
for diagrams so of course I'm thankful
for that looking at this GE a company
that pays no taxes and they are capable
of having so much power over the
government why because at every level
they have people in the positions of
power the CEO the GE counsel the senior
VPS all throughout having those high
positions of power within the government
then you look at AT&T
they are complicit in what I've covered
here on the channel before how they have
been giving information to the US
government for a long time
spying on Americans Big Tobacco we've
known about this for decades and decades
that they are intertwined and the
agricultural department in the u.s.
Fannie Mae bailed out they were put
trillions onto the backs of the US
taxpayer after the housing crisis and
you'll see that here why that is the
case because everywhere from the CEOs to
the senior VPS all throughout they are
one in the same this here is an
excellent chart showing you a IG among
others having their connections whether
it's through their board of directors
executive governance and so on seeing
connections all around you know from GE
to the Council on Foreign Relations and
and everything else all these major
corporations are all interconnected with
AIG does it surprise you that they would
get a multi billion dollar bailout of
course not but can get Google Google is
complicit with the government and will
go on even further that they were in
fact created by the CIA I've done a
video about this recently and you'll see
why because at every single level once
again they are one in the same looking
at Big Oil the subsidies that they get
very clear very obvious looking at no
matter what damage they do they are
unable to do any harm apparently because
they are again the same situation Ford
Motor Company going way back when Ford
was able to have
such a deep connection in with the
government this is something that is new
it's a known fact for quite some time
with the Ford Foundation and others New
York Life Insurance same deal yeah who
looking at this here despite the fact
that there could be any number of
scandals doesn't matter because as long
as you have your people in positions of
power everything's going to be ok
Deutsche Bank a company that has
trillions and trillions in derivatives
bigger than any government out there
they hold that power despite the fact
that the stock has done so terrible over
the years they are still very powerful
because of their derivatives exposure
now how they allowed to do this well
once again people in positions of power
going from Europe to the US and back
Wells Fargo a company that was caught
laundering I believe the number was
three hundred and eighty billion dollars
approximately doesn't matter people in
positions of power
looking at this epic pen I thought this
was quite interesting in fact you can
see that this company has absolutely no
competition why I've said it again
Pharmaceuticals to connect it in with
that one of course this is the same
situation CEOs of the biggest companies
the highest positions then make their
way into areas where they should never
be allowed to be in the people who are
supposed to be protecting us are in fact
working for the corporations should be
illegal but of course it's not
and then Monsanto Monsanto being one of
the most evil corporations on earth
generally recognized as such why why why
oh why well congressmen senators senior
staffers people working at the White
House the USDA and so on all Monsanto
employees they may suggest that they've
left their job at that business and
moved on to a government position
they've never left
they have never left and in many cases
you'll
see that they are still working for them
in some way as an advisor consultant or
what have you
this here is a similar chart to the
Monsanto one showing you all the
different positions but the font is
really really small so I just wanted to
move on quickly showing you that this
list goes even longer all the years are
here you can see all of that of course
if you want to see any of these just go
to the bottom where the description of
this video is and you will see sources
used in this video I will have all the
links there looking at this going on a
little deeper than that Logan Act
violators bilderberg 2012 you'll see
here that obviously the font is far too
small but all of the people
interconnected with all of these big
businesses in one way shape or form then
you wonder why why are they able to get
the deals that you and I are not able to
well this is the reason they are all one
in the same somehow someway they're all
interconnected there are very very few
corporations out there big conglomerates
out there you may be able to buy into
one stock or another but somebody owns
somebody else that's just the way it is
the CFR trilateral a new world or a
connection you could see here in this
font once again very small it's very
blurry but I just want to make the note
that there are think tanks as they like
to call them different groups that like
to hang out together like to involve
people from the government different
people from different big businesses
they like to meet beyond closed doors
sometimes we get some media attention on
it and as a result we have some deals
that always happen to take place after
and it's funny because all of those
people in the highest positions like to
hang out together like to discuss policy
together and then we're supposed to
suggest that they have no power that
they have nothing nefarious to do or to
say but they don't want to have any
media present they don't want to record
what's happening on the inside and they
don't want to make it a big deal but I
have to suggest that we need to make it
a big deal
and then this year Bilderberg trilateral
CFR all interconnected from everybody
from Rockefeller and onward you'll see
the power that these corporations these
think tanks they all hold and they hold
them over the government's you know you
have new governments all the time you
have Democrat Republicans it doesn't
matter because the real power exists in
the shadows they are the ones who own
and control you they own everything
every facet of your life they are doing
nefarious deeds to you every single day
and that goes on in the shadows you
don't have control they have control and
that is very clear very evident to me
and I hope that you saw that presented
here in this video in this expose if you
did then please give me a thumbs up I do
appreciate that very much
if you found this video informative I
know you will find my books the money
GPS and my newer release global economic
collapse even more informative you can
actually flip through these books if you
go over to Amazon they have a look
inside feature which will allow you to
flip through the pages of these books to
see if you like them take care